 Panda Antivirus for Linux - Freeware License
Conditions of use the freeware version

USER INFORMATION: Read the following user license agreement carefully. The use of the software supplied with this agreement implies that you accept the terms and conditions set out in this agreement. If you do not accept the terms of this agreement, the software must immediately be removed from your computer along with any copies. If you use this software, its utilities or documentation you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions stated below.

This version of Panda Antivirus, along with all of its documentation and utilities are FREEWARE. This means that you can install this software in your PC for an unlimited-use. Due its freeware nature, this software is provided without charge. Freeware is not the same as public domain software, Panda Software retains its copyright rights and can place restrictions on how the program is used.

   1. LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Panda Software hereby grants you a non-exclusive license to use and reproduce for personal or internal purposes the Licensed Software, provided that any and all copies made must contain all of the Panda Software original and unmodified proprietary notices, including, but not limited to, this License Agreement. This License does not include any right to technical support, updates, upgrades or any other services.
   2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The program as well as any corresponding copyrights or other intellectual or industrial property rights are the property of Panda Software and are protected by Spanish intellectual property laws (Spanish Law Number 22/1987 of 11 November on Intellectual Property) and by the dispositions of applicable International treaties.
   3. RESTRICTIONS. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not (a) modify or create any derivative works of the Licensed Software or documentation; (b) attempt to disable the Licensed Software by any means or in any manner; (c) attempt to decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Licensed Software; (d) redistribute, encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer or disclose the Licensed Software to any third-party; or (e) remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Licensed Software or the Product.
   4. LIMITED WARRANTY. Due to the freeware nature of this software, Panda Software offers no guarantees on this program. The program is distributed "as is". Claims will not be accepted concerning failure to fulfill presumed functions of the program.
   5. DISCLAIMER. Panda Software will not be liable under any circumstances for any damage or loss related to the use or inability to use this program, including the malfunctioning of the software.
   6. GOVERNING LAWS. This agreement will be governed by the laws of Spain and in the event of any doubt and/or disagreements about its interpretation and/or effects, the only competent authority will be the Bilbao Courts of Justice. Both parties renounce any other jurisdiction that may correspond to them. If any provision of this agreement is held to be unenforceable in law, that provision will be considered void, without affecting the totality of the agreement or implying that the agreement is void.

